H A N G M A N

Requirements:
  * Keep track of wins
  * Show the current word as a series of blanks. Fill in the 
    blanks as words are guessted correctly.
  * Keep track of number of guesses -- there is a limit.
    It doesn't have to be a hangman that is drawn on the screen,
    displaying numbers is just as good.
  * Display letters that were already guessed.
    If a letter is guessed more than once, only the first guess 
    counts as a penalty.
  * After user wins or loses, the next word should automatically 
    come up.

There is an array of all possible words to be solved
  e.g., if the theme is Steven Universe characters:
  ["garnet", "amethyst", "pearl", "steven", "greg"]

Wins and losses initially set to 0
  Display on page as 0

Guesses initially set to 0
  Resets every time we have a new word

"Already guessed letters" (need a better name for that) is 
  initially empty. Perhaps an empty array that we add to and
  then wipe out when the round is over.

RNG will pick which of these words to solve.
  We should probably keep track of which words were already used
  so we don't have repeats, but that seems like a bonus feature.

Page updates with appropriate number of blanks
  e.g., if the word is "garnet", the page will display:
  _ _ _ _ _ _

As user makes guesses, the following is possible:
  Correct guess
    Blank is replaced by the correct letter. E.g., if user
    guesses "A", page would be updated to
    _ A _ _ _ _
  Incorrect guess
    "Number of guesses remaining" decriments by 1
    "Already guessed letters" bank adds the letter and displays
    on page
  Final correct guess
    Last blank fills in (e.g., G A R N E T with no blanks)
    Some sort of fanfare or congratulation
    "Wins" increments by 1
    A new word is chosen
      New set of blanks are drawn
      Guesses remaining resets
      Bank of guessed letters resets to empty
  Final incorrect guess
    "Number of guesses remaining" decriments and reaches 0
    The incorrect letter is added to the bank
    Some sort of "you lose" screen
    "Losses" increments by 1
    A new word is chosen
      New set of blanks are drawn
      Guesses remaining resets
      Bank of guessed letters resets to empty
      